ok n. one 2 free
Or result Te r is seaweed Peru
3 days if other bag down
Hmm
Even if you can come to Lee alone, sanity
What
ben
I was surprised today
It did not your customer's All
Let the personality and prefecture please sit and Do simple self-introduction
Just nice beach today i am jerry my name sjr b
Well, actually American burn has come to Kagawa seven years ago
I was not the first to have lived here forever
We are going to interact with the cousin's warm cousin by eating puffy grapes every day
Places and matters where nature is beautiful
It's easy to get off and I've been waiting from Kagawa
Operation
The Kagawa-style is so warm and rainy that it flies like a water store Koga Shushinshu Oregon and so on
I think the easy end to Honma
Every day I get rid of the spirit when I work before
I ate udon
Udon shop of Kagawa Prefecture to Nikki opened early in the morning
I ate udon before going to work during the winter season
369 is good for Honma
Well this hobby is yeah
How many books are there?
4 Sports obtained movement Shi was due Art
Messed favorite Ya Do not photograph taken or glass design was later reamer
Be the first to rank paddle to methylate threshold Ega still recent music
4 a more even playing talking also Well the various music activities band of activities
Well ahead
I made an original song called Resh Shorter the udon son
I also made a promotional video
Please check it on youtube if you like
Well let's talk about your current job
It does now work
Come and English while Well-run step-by-step English School, which opened in three children
Have taught
In to it is various talk to various people every day
It's a really fun job
Going example Well while teaching the American culture
After all I will study Japanese and Kagawa culture
Well 1-methylol turn c
In at the time of the Japanese language at all Shaberenka came in first Kagawa
But it's Dan
Well everyday life was hard
It is only a book that was very difficult, I guess this is good
I have to remember the Japanese work hard so hard I think I wonder if take into Japanese study Well voice late No differences
After all Iki valve
I had to remember to remember Do not had to remember a little
Well still a system that is said to be interesting after various people around
The most favorite Sanuki valve that I think I can go like this is a moon bastard
Iue Oh maybe days N near me now king khan
Sanuki valve
It Chapter when I wish I first came
Japanese
Meaning meaning New Year's card or letter
I 'm talking about yeah
Not now not written
Now King N in a Sakube days suburbs written in Japanese meaning burns Tteyuu not written because the school
Hall
I will do what will be said to Kakinada day close Gon
It's a key, so it's Honda basics Key Honda gold
A little different from the East Kagawa , Honda Garden certification according to the eighth place
Drink
With Niseki Sanuki
It N Tteyuu Imakane corolla days near
But Well in Sanuki valve to the east's
And say, whether the relationship between corn corn quarrel Kan'
To some extent strange Kagawa government history of Japan
To Ya narrow prefecture
Wonder that Sanuki receives two
Anyway, a next favorite festival mood
Moee but to be able to hear well a noodle shop's Toka race column I stomach has occurred
I understood that I was hungry- 3-3
Stomach was that losing many to eat a hole about the elastically that full ｰｰｰ
Stomach to that say full AnSo I see Well so
I think Kagawa Prefecture is a wonderful place
a
If I change my clothes, I will use it for playing in Kagawa prefecture of Udon prefecture.
We are waiting for you, because it is a regular system by martin
a Let's take Udon Village first
Happy Ya that sealed
Yeah mer
I feel to be
Kura River Udon game
About yen
sayuki u 2
male
see you